README.md, before:

# Crypto Hub

Welcome to **crypto hub!** 

A place where people who are not very familiar with cryptocurrency can learn more about the terminology and some of the top coins that dominate the market.

## Site sections:
This site consists of 6 sections/pages:
1. Home
2. Guide
3. Currencies
4. Glossary
5. Exchanges
6. Contact Us
## Business goals
The business goal for this site is to:
1. The site provides a beginners guide to crypto for those who have not much if anything about cryptocurrency.  
2. Generate an interest in cryptocurrency and a desire to further get involved through trading and exploring other services available in the crypto space
3. Generate revenue through collection of user data and a large mailing list to sell to advertisers and other finance affiliated products. 
## User Goals
The site is primarily focused on first time users as it offers updated content by way of a newsletter and discord server. However, there are some recurring user benefits outlined below:
### First time visitors:
1. I want to easily find useful information regarding cryptocurrency, what it is and how it affects me.
2. I want to learn how I can buy cryptocurrency and what I can do with it after I buy.
3. I want to easily sign up to a newsletter and/or discord server to learn more and stay up to date with new info in the crypto space.

### Recurring Visitors
1. I want to review the glossary of terms to better understand how to assess the performance of currencies in the market.
2. I want to review any updated content to stay up to date with market trends.
3. I want to easily find affiliate links to different social media platforms related to the presented material.

## UX Strategy
---
Crypto Hub aims to bring users on a journey, in line with core UX principles: 
### Target Audience
The site is aimed at users of all ages, as cryptocurrency is still a mysterious topic for many. However, there is a slight leaning towards users aged 18-30, as these users are typically further willing to invest in newer opportunites, rather than more established stock holdings and investment opportunites.

### User Journey
The typical first time user on this site is someone with little to no experience in the cryptospace. As such, the journey should take a user from a novice position, to one who feels they understand the crypto-space enough to begin to invest and explore other associated products.

### Welcome page - A gentle introduction
* This page welcomes the user to the site,  defines what a cryptocurrency is, how it affects the economy and what its purpose is in the global economy. 
* The goal of this page is to introduce crypto in a way that is unambiguous.
* The imagery and text should highlight the colaborative aspect of cryptocurrency and the individuals and groups (countries and companies) that are starting to embrace cryptocurrency as a new legal tender and means of trade.

### Guides - How does it work?
* This page defines the different ways to buy crypto, how to store it and a few video links to some helpful explanatory videos.
* A visitor should have a basic grasp of what cryptocurrency is now and will be looking to learn about how they can get involved and what to do once they have purchased their own crypto.

### Currencies - Popular currency review 
* This page goes through some of the most popular currencies and the fundamental differences between them

 ### Glossary - Terminology explained
This page goes through some of the more complicated terms when it comes to investing in crypto. It's purpose is to make it easier for a novice investor to make informed decisions about their investments.

### Popular exchanges - The best places to trade
This page lists some of the most popular exchanges where you can invest and some key details particular to each exchange.

### Contact us - Meet like minded individuals
This page gives site visitors the opportunity to sign up to a mailing list and connect with other like minded individuals. It also gives a link to a discord channel where people who subscribe can talk investments and ask questions.


### Assumed content requirement:
There are a few key elements for the requirements of a typical user:

*Information is clear and concise 

## Bug Fixes and Issues
There were multiple bugs encountered during the development of this project. These were listed along with the methods employed as solutions to each.

### Working with percentages
An issue I found when working with percentages was scaling. When adjusting the zoom/resolution for the site, i found that some of the divs were scaling improperly. They were shrinking too a point where they could not hold their content. As well as that. The title dive was changing size and proportion to where it was not consistent with the design theme for the rest of the home page. (See examples below)

![percentages bug 1\label{percentages fig. 1}](docs/images/percentages%20bug%20%231.jpg)


![percentages bug 2](docs/images/percentages%20bug%20%232.jpg)

Commit message:

refactor: change element names f and classesor

README.md, after:

# Crypto Hub

Welcome to **crypto hub!** 

A place where people who are not very familiar with cryptocurrency can learn more about the terminology and some of the top coins that dominate the market.

## Site sections:
This site consists of 6 sections/pages:
1. Home
2. Guide
3. Currencies
4. Glossary
5. Exchanges
6. Contact Us
## Business goals
The business goal for this site is to:
1. The site provides a beginners guide to crypto for those who have not much if anything about cryptocurrency.  
2. Generate an interest in cryptocurrency and a desire to further get involved through trading and exploring other services available in the crypto space
3. Generate revenue through collection of user data and a large mailing list to sell to advertisers and other finance affiliated products. 
## User Goals
The site is primarily focused on first time users as it offers updated content by way of a newsletter and discord server. However, there are some recurring user benefits outlined below:
### First time visitors:
1. I want to easily find useful information regarding cryptocurrency, what it is and how it affects me.
2. I want to learn how I can buy cryptocurrency and what I can do with it after I buy.
3. I want to easily sign up to a newsletter and/or discord server to learn more and stay up to date with new info in the crypto space.

### Recurring Visitors
1. I want to review the glossary of terms to better understand how to assess the performance of currencies in the market.
2. I want to review any updated content to stay up to date with market trends.
3. I want to easily find affiliate links to different social media platforms related to the presented material.

## UX Strategy
---
Crypto Hub aims to bring users on a journey, in line with core UX principles: 
### Target Audience
The site is aimed at users of all ages, as cryptocurrency is still a mysterious topic for many. However, there is a slight leaning towards users aged 18-30, as these users are typically further willing to invest in newer opportunites, rather than more established stock holdings and investment opportunites.

### User Journey
The typical first time user on this site is someone with little to no experience in the cryptospace. As such, the journey should take a user from a novice position, to one who feels they understand the crypto-space enough to begin to invest and explore other associated products.

### Welcome page - A gentle introduction
* This page welcomes the user to the site,  defines what a cryptocurrency is, how it affects the economy and what its purpose is in the global economy. 
* The goal of this page is to introduce crypto in a way that is unambiguous.
* The imagery and text should highlight the colaborative aspect of cryptocurrency and the individuals and groups (countries and companies) that are starting to embrace cryptocurrency as a new legal tender and means of trade.

### Guides - How does it work?
* This page defines the different ways to buy crypto, how to store it and a few video links to some helpful explanatory videos.
* A visitor should have a basic grasp of what cryptocurrency is now and will be looking to learn about how they can get involved and what to do once they have purchased their own crypto.

### Currencies - Popular currency review 
* This page goes through some of the most popular currencies and the fundamental differences between them

 ### Glossary - Terminology explained
This page goes through some of the more complicated terms when it comes to investing in crypto. It's purpose is to make it easier for a novice investor to make informed decisions about their investments.

### Popular exchanges - The best places to trade
This page lists some of the most popular exchanges where you can invest and some key details particular to each exchange.

### Contact us - Meet like minded individuals
This page gives site visitors the opportunity to sign up to a mailing list and connect with other like minded individuals. It also gives a link to a discord channel where people who subscribe can talk investments and ask questions.


### Assumed content requirement:
There are a few key elements for the requirements of a typical user:

*Information is clear and concise 

## Bug Fixes and Issues
There were multiple bugs encountered during the development of this project. These were listed along with the methods employed as solutions to each.

## Working with percentages
### Issue

* An issue I found when working with percentages was scaling. 
* When adjusting the zoom/resolution for the site, I found that some of the divs were scaling improperly. They were shrinking too a point where they could not hold their content.
* The title div was changing size and proportion to where it was not consistent with the design theme for the rest of the home page. (See fig. 1 & 2 below)

|![percentages bug 1\label{percentages fig. 1}](docs/images/percentages%20bug%20%231.jpg)|
|:--:|
| <strong>Fig.1 Improper scaling when zooming out</strong>  |



|![percentages bug 2](docs/images/percentages%20bug%20%232.jpg)|
|:--:|
| <strong>Fig.1 Improper scaling when zooming in</strong>  |


### Fix 
* In order to fix the issue, I started using fixed sizing in pixels for select element widths and heights. 
* I had previously believed that using percentages and vh would be more responsive, but now I can see that using these measurements in the wrong place on a site can create unpredictable site behaviour.
